# Git Commit Message Conventions

Batman equipped with [commitizen](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/) and `
cz-conventional-changelog
` 

We use these three sections in changelog: new features, bug fixes, breaking changes.
This list could be generated by script when doing a release. Along with links to related commits.
Of course you can edit this change log before actual release, but it could generate the skeleton.
 
List of all subjects (first lines in commit message) since last release:
>> git log <last tag> HEAD --pretty=format:%s
 
New features in this release
>> git log <last release> HEAD --grep feature
Recognizing unimportant commits
These are formatting changes (adding/removing spaces/empty lines, indentation), missing semi colons, comments. So when you are looking for some change, you can ignore these commits - no logic change inside this commit.
 
When bisecting, you can ignore these by:
>> git bisect skip $(git rev-list --grep irrelevant <good place> HEAD)
Provide more information when browsing the history
This would add kinda “context” information.
Look at these messages (taken from last few angular’s commits):
Fix small typo in docs widget (tutorial instructions)
Fix test for scenario.Application - should remove old iframe
docs - various doc fixes
docs - stripping extra new lines
Replaced double line break with single when text is fetched from Google
Added support for properties in documentation
 
All of these messages try to specify where is the change. But they don’t share any convention...
 
Look at these messages:
fix comment stripping
fixing broken links
Bit of refactoring
Check whether links do exist and throw exception
Fix sitemap include (to work on case sensitive linux)
 
Are you able to guess what’s inside ? These messages miss place specification...
So maybe something like parts of the code: docs, docs-parser, compiler, scenario-runner, …
 
I know, you can find this information by checking which files had been changed, but that’s slow. And when looking in git history I can see all of us tries to specify the place, only missing the convention.
 

Format of the commit message
<type>(<scope>): <subject>
<BLANK LINE>
<body>
<BLANK LINE>
<footer>
 
Any line of the commit message cannot be longer 100 characters! This allows the message to be easier to read on github as well as in various git tools.
 
A commit message consists of a header, a body and a footer, separated by a blank line.
Revert
If the commit reverts a previous commit, its header should begin with `revert: `, followed by the header of the reverted commit. In the body it should say: `This reverts commit <hash>.`, where the hash is the SHA of the commit being reverted.
Message header	
The message header is a single line that contains succinct description of the change containing a type, an optional scope and a subject.
Allowed <type>
This describes the kind of change that this commit is providing.
feat (feature)
fix (bug fix)
docs (documentation)
style (formatting, missing semi colons, …)
refactor
test (when adding missing tests)
chore (maintain)
Allowed <scope>
Scope can be anything specifying place of the commit change. For example Readme, Doughnut, Build, Setup, etc...
 
You can use * if there isn't a more fitting scope.
<subject> text
This is a very short description of the change.
use imperative, present tense: “change” not “changed” nor “changes”
don't capitalize first letter
no dot (.) at the end
Message body
just as in <subject> use imperative, present tense: “change” not “changed” nor “changes”
includes motivation for the change and contrasts with previous behavior
 
http://365git.tumblr.com/post/3308646748/writing-git-commit-messages
http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html
 
Message footer
 
Breaking changes
 
All breaking changes have to be mentioned as a breaking change block in the footer, which should start with the word BREAKING CHANGE: with a space or two newlines. The rest of the commit message is then the description of the change, justification and migration notes. 
 
BREAKING CHANGE: Renamed module ../common/dom to ../common/maquette.
    
    To migrate the code follow the example below:
    
    Before:
    
    import { h, createProjector, Projector, ProjectorOptions } from '../common/dom';
    
    After:
    
    import { h, createProjector, Projector, ProjectorOptions } from '../common/maquette';
    
 
Referencing issues
 
Closed bugs should be listed on a separate line in the footer prefixed with "Closes" keyword like this:
 
Closes #234
 
or in case of multiple issues:
 
Closes #123, #245, #992
 
  
Examples

feat($browser): onUrlChange event (popstate/hashchange/polling)
 
Added new event to $browser:
- forward popstate event if available
- forward hashchange event if popstate not available
- do polling when neither popstate nor hashchange available
 
Breaks $browser.onHashChange, which was removed (use onUrlChange instead)

fix($compile): couple of unit tests for IE9
 
Older IEs serialize html uppercased, but IE9 does not...
Would be better to expect case insensitive, unfortunately jasmine does
not allow to user regexps for throw expectations.
 
Closes #392
Breaks foo.bar api, foo.baz should be used instead

feat(directive): ng:disabled, ng:checked, ng:multiple, ng:readonly, ng:selected
 
New directives for proper binding these attributes in older browsers (IE).
Added coresponding description, live examples and e2e tests.
 
Closes #351

style($location): add couple of missing semi colons

docs(guide): updated fixed docs from Google Docs
 
Couple of typos fixed:
- indentation
- batchLogbatchLog -> batchLog
- start periodic checking
- missing brace

feat($compile): simplify isolate scope bindings
 
Changed the isolate scope binding options to:
  - @attr - attribute binding (including interpolation)
  - =model - by-directional model binding
  - &expr - expression execution binding
 
This change simplifies the terminology as well as
number of choices available to the developer. It
also supports local name aliasing from the parent.
 
## git cz command to commit

use command line git add . to stage the changes and git cz to commit
When you commit with git cz, 

Step 1: You will be prompted with commit message <type>

feat : A new feature 
fix : A bug fix
docs: Documentation only 
style: Change that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-spaces, formatting, missing semicolor etc)
refactor: A coed change that neither fixes a bug nor a feature.
pref: A code change that improves performance
test: Adding missing or additional tests
chor: Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools and library such as documentation generation

select the appropriate option 
Step 2: <scope>
 Select the type of change that you're committing: docs:     Documentation only changes
? Denote the scope of this change ($location, $browser, $compile, etc.):
 Readme
Give a title for the change 
ex: Readme, Build, Setup, Documentation, Toolbox Component etc

Step 2: <subject>
? Write a short, imperative tense description of the change:
 Updated Read me

Step 3: <Message Body>
? Provide a longer description of the change:
 Updated Read me with developer environment setup which includes nodejs installation, SASS setup | Removed use used commented code

Use '|' pipe for separating 

Step 4: <Message Footer>
? List any breaking changes or issues closed by this change:

Breaking Changes should start with the word BREAKING CHANGE: with a space or two newlines. The rest of the commit message is then used for this.

Examples:
BREAKING CHANGE: common modules dom replaced with maquettejs
    
    To migrate the code follow the example below:
    
    Before:
    
import { h, createProjector, Projector, ProjectorOptions } from '../common/dom';
    
    After:
    
import { h, createProjector, Projector, ProjectorOptions } from '../common/maquette';
    
    